The outcome was never in our favor, Gary.
Cut it to me straight, Hugh.
What are my chances of getting out of this mess?
In your current state, you will pass the point of recovery in ten minutes.
You are also leaking O2, Gary.
Huh, look at that.
They went with green for a red alert.
I mean, I would have went with red.
A periwinkle.
Heck, I mean, even eight-nog.
I don't even know if that's a color, but oh, good lord, now I just want eight-nog.
The rate of the leak will render you lifeless in nine minutes.
You are really buttering me up with fantastic news.
I'm afraid, Gary, there is no foreseeable outcome where you survive.
These tickets suck.
Right in the nosebleeds.
Good morning, Gary.
Day one thousand eight hundred eighteen.
How about freaking no?
That was a bit harder than normal, Hugh.
Hello, dear friend.
It's been a while.
Hank!
Yes, what's up, Hank?
Bad news?
Yeah, Beth is looking good today.
Look at that.
Staring at me with those hot eyes.
You, me, later.
Cards, Hank?
You wanna play?
I need somebody to play with.
Is there... it's gonna be you.
I'm starting to run out of decks, Hank.
Hey, Gary, hello.
Ooh, cookie.
Yummy.
Hugh?
Yes, Gary?
Can I have a cookie?
No, Gary.
Why not?
You opened it for Kevin.
That sack of wet turds can't even eat cookies.
He just smashes it into his processor slot.
I hate Kevin!
So painfully.
He's the blood of my life.
If you take a cookie, I will be forced to add one full day to your sentence.
You think a full day scares the captain?
Gary, I've explained this to you every day for the past five years.
You are not the captain.
You are a prisoner aboard this ship.
Sounds vaguely familiar.
Now open this cabinet.
Oh, they're just so good.
One day has been added to your sentence.
I touched one! The captain's touched one!
Captain's log, 80085.
Hey, Quinn! Guess who?
It's me, Gary, again.
Quinn, I've thought on it, and I've decided that since this is the big day,
the day of our anniversary, as you know, it's time to get real.
Quinn, this, this is the real, raw Gary.
It's been eating me up inside, keeping the real, raw Gary from you.
For five years, real, raw Gary hasn't been able to get you out of his mind forges.
When I met you that day, I knew you were it.
Give us what's ours, Gary!
Technically, it's mine!
Dr. Bluestein and Derek!
Lose some weight! Come on, Derek, keep up!
They gave me a seltzer?
Why would they give me a seltzer?
Unless I ordered it. Did I order it?
Yes, I did.
I'm gonna break your neck, Gary.
Sweet heavenly fire, who is the muy bueno super spicy lady?
Captain Quinn Ergon, but don't bother.
If you're not Infinity Guard, she's not interested.
Actually, I'm pretty freaking high up in the command chain.
Really?
Yeah, really.
Seriously?
Seriously. I can't get any closer to your face, dude.
Then where's your uniform, bud?
I have one, guy.
No, you don't, pal.
I do, Tom. It's in the bathroom.
Crap!
Looking good, Gary.
You're just gonna leave him in there.
Chook chook, chook chook face.
Oh, sweet aspirin.
Three drapenoids, exact change.
Take!
Swallow!
You're a good guy, Gary.
Now to be smooth as...
First time I got a girl's number before I even said hey.
You see, I like that. I like a girl with a lot of phones.
Actually, this is the solution to an internal inconsistency in Plank's constant that's never been solved
because until now, no one realized it was a problem.
And speaking of problems, maybe you should leave before you become one.
As in now.
Or I could buy you a drink.
Really?
Let's get wild. How about you buy me a drink?
Wow. I mean, no, but wow.
All Infinity Guards report back to base immediately.
Let's go!
Back to your place? You're moving at cheetah speeds. I like it.
You have an F71 Hawk to fly, pilot.
Oh my crap.
Move this Hawk, pilot.
You can do this, Gary. Become a much smarter person now.
Oh my double crap!
You're not a pilot, are you?
Yes, I am.
Bitch!
Lesson learned. If you ever want to piss off a whole government,
just take out 92 Starquizzers in a small, family-owned Mexican restaurant.
Sorry, Guadalupe.
Hey, Gary, my name is Kevin. I'm your deep space insanity avoidance companion.
Nice to meet you.
I already hate you.
The good news is I only have a week left to my sentence aboard this pathetic rat's nest.
Incend!
She's gonna respond this time, Hugh.
There is a high probability she will not.
But there's still a low probability she will.
I'll take it.
Ha ha ha ha ha! Nailed it!
There are still four arrays that need to be repaired.
Get off my cheeks, Hugh!
Get off my cheeks, Gary.
1891-C is back online.
Back online.
Hugh, by any chance, is it still Thursday?
It's been Thursday for the last 72 hours.
Sweet. Then it's still on.
My name is Eduardo Montaña Cariquinto de la Caparracaña.
You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Gary, your break is over.
The guy who killed Eduardo Talaquinta Talapacian's father hasn't prepared to die yet.
Dang, there's a... there's a pixel on the loose.
It's a face-hater! It's a face-hater!
Oh, you're not a face-hater. You're a face-hugger.
I need a face-hugger in my life.
You remind me of a friend I used to have a long time ago.
How do you like the name, Mooncake?
Mooncake it is.
I'm pumped. Super excited. You know, by chance, I speak real words to you.
Works for me.
Welcome.
You're so tiny, man. What? Wait till the guys hear about this.
Say it.
Where is it?
What?
E35-1.
I... I don't know. I would never lie to you, Lord Commander.
It's just that you're so, so small. It's...
Where did you find it?
I didn't. It found me.
The less you who between us is a bit of a dicklet wand knows about you, the better.
Okay, let's get you in here. You ready?
Okay, it's not fitting. It's not working.
I hide there sometimes. I'm like a mattress ghost. Don't tell anyone.
Oh, perfect. No, it's not perfect. That sucks. Why does that suck so hard?
Okay, how about this? Sometimes I like to hide from myself by putting underwear on the circumference of my head.
How about that? How's it fit? Perfect.
Please don't kill me.
Wouldn't think of it. That would be rude.
Eat.
What is going on? Why is the ship turned into a silent dance rave?
Four unknown vessels are descending upon our location. The markings lead me to believe they are Ventraxian bounty hunters.
Twist my nipples, Ruff. We're talking complex life forms. Yes, you.
You must find out if they play cards. I need this. I need this, you. I... I really need somebody to play with.
Activating security protocol.
Hugh, what the crap?
For your own safety, you must remain in the commissary.
For my own safety? We get our first visitors in five years and I can't mingle with them?
Hugh, open this door right now. I need to mingle.
I'm afraid I cannot.
You better afraid me up an open door.
Ooh, let Kevin help.
Goodbye, Kevin. You can just faint him up on me like that.
Don't worry about me. I am helping.
Kevin, you did something right.
Kevin, you brought this horrendous death to Swede's?
Your vessel has been subjected to a search for specimen E35-1. Come forward or die.
Oh, crap.
My arm, man!
Move forward.
Who the freak is this guy?
I believe they want the alien you're hiding in your backpack.
What? I don't know what you're referring to.
This is what I was meant to do! I have never felt so alive!
Oh, you mean my underpants caddy!
Yes. We should comply with their wishes, Gary.
I don't know. I kind of must be starting to like the little guy. He gives great hugs.
Gary, we are not equipped to face this threat.
Good job, avocado!
This is not our fight.
Q, we make it our fight. You're Infinity Guard. Your whole motto is to protect life.
Is that life, Gary?
Well, if it isn't, then I'm a raging sack of walnuts! Q, light-bolt the ship!
This will lengthen your sentence.
I get it! Light-bolt the ship, you!
Gary!
Do it!
They're light-bolting!
Proximity alert. Proximity alert.
Is that what I think it is?
Q, that's no good! Get us out of here! Light-bolt again! Light-bolt! Light-bolt!
We are immobilized until the light-bolt engines cool.
The asteroids will reach the ship in 29 seconds.
Secure your helmet immediately.
My helmet's in the airlock!
Run 15 seconds until impact. At your current pace, you will not make it.
Oh, Gary will make it!
Hey, Gary, sorry. Got a minute?
Yeah, I've been thinking about this.
Gary, two seconds.
You're gonna live! You're gonna live!
Sweet, graduate stuff! Definitely gonna die this time!
Gary, you may have a problem.
I seriously question your usage of mayhave! I think we have reached half! I am very deep in half!
Due to the moon's gravity, the asteroid field will swing back to the Galaxy 1, and then at you, in approximately 39 seconds.
That's no good, Q! Formulate me up some solutions!
Calculating...
Ah, Gary, I do have a solution with a 33% chance of success.
Okay, and that would be?
Perform an emergency air blowout of your O2 tanks.
If you can enter the moon's orbit, you might be able to sling hook around it back to the Galaxy 1.
All right. All right, let's do this.
Gary, you should know, this calculation will only work with you.
You will have to leave the lifeform behind.
Mooncake?
Or, there is zero probability you will make it back to the Galaxy 1, alive.
I get it! I'll screw them at you.
Mooncake is coming with.
You will never make it, Gary. Your only chance is to perform this maneuver alone.
Q, your lack of confidence is positively depressing!
Blowing the air tank in three...
Gary, please.
Two...
You will fail.
You're right. I will fail. Upwards.
Entering into moon's orbit.
Oh no! It's not working!
At your current rate of velocity, you will not make it back to the Galaxy 1.
You have failed, Gary.
The asteroids will make impact in five seconds.
Four...
Three...
Two...
One...
It worked!
You! And you said I could die! Ha!
You were dead for five minutes.
Are you for serious?
I believe the lifeform saved your life.
Mooncake?
Thank you for saving my life.
I am detecting one unknown lifeform still aboard. He is armed.
What dick!
Four-A, Sames are already en route.
Hand over E-35-1.
Listen, buddy. I only have one thing to say to you.
Do you play cards?
I'm gonna take that as a yes!
Freeze!
Good lord!
Oh my gosh! Just to walk up on somebody like that, Hank?
But grab my pants!
Thought you were a baby ghost or a ghost baby!
Or something in between the ghost baby spectrum!
Freeze!
Freakin' crap, Hank!
Isn't this great? I mean, just us guys sitting here, chillin', playing cards.
You really know how to swing the zinger, scat guy.
The name's Avocado.
No. The name is Loser!
Eat it! Four of a kind!
You're oblivious to this thing, aren't you?
What? That. This? Yes. That.
Mooncake? What's a mooncake? This! That? Yes, that.
Please tell me you didn't name E-35-1.
What's an E-35-59? That. This? Yes! Freakin' that!
I suppose I did.
You don't know what that is, do you?
That is a planet killer.
I hate this! Freakin' guy thinks mooncake's a planet killer!
What a freakin'... Oh, man!
Shut your face hole, Kevin! Crap!
So you think this is funny? I'm serious.
Are you? Yes.
The Lord Commander is searching the galaxy for it.
You can't hide. Wherever you go, he'll find you.
Why should I believe you, Mr. Whiskers?
Call me that again, and I'll kill you.
Mm-hm. I've insulted you.
You see, the truth is I've never socialized with a cat man before.
My neighbor had a cat. Loved to lick himself.
You're not gonna do that right.
Otherwise, we're gonna have problems, friend.
I'm not a cat. I'm a Ventrexian.
Got it.
See, I'm a Presbyterian myself.
But I love all people. Just how I was raised.
We're in danger. Listen, all of us are in danger!
Mooncake, look into Gary's gelatinous marbles.
As long as I draw breath and you provide me with copious amounts of adventure,
I will be there for you. We're a team now.
And I'll let you be my sidekick and such with a super sad order of whatnot.
Well said.
A cookie? For me?
Yes, Gary. Take one.
You displayed a quality I hadn't seen in you previously.
Courage. Exemplary. You earned it.
And because I am the captain...
Cookie withdrawn.
The penitent man shall pass.
I got one! Sweet grandos clam! I got a mother-loving cookie!
This is a cookie, Gwen.
You said I earned it.
Because I did things, Gwen. Dangerous things.
Cookie-earning things.
Now, to eat the fruits of my greatness.
Mine!
What? No!
Kevin! Oh, Kevin!
Gary. Gary. Gary. Gary. Gary. Gary. Gary. Are you sleeping?
What?
Oh, okay. We're good.
Don't mind me. I'm just floating this way.
This is the way I like to go. Bye!
This was my plan. That's my path.
All the pieces are in place.
Let's play a little.
To be continued...